README.md, before:

# **innovim**: The AI-driven Development Environment

Step into **innovim**, the meeting point of your visionary ideas and AI-assisted coding. Voice your developmental dreams, and let them swiftly metamorphose into efficient code, all under the reliable umbrella of `nvim`.

### The Name "innovim"

A blend of 'innovation' and 'Vim', "innovim" symbolizes the fusion of cutting-edge AI with the precision of Vim. A promise of turning your groundbreaking ideas into tangible software solutions.

## Features 🌟

1. **AI-Assisted Feedback**: Engage with real-time insights and coding guidance provided by innovim.
2. **Nvim Integration**: Fine-tune and perfect AI's recommendations within `nvim`.
3. **Recursive Workflow**: Experience the recursive magic of innovim for an ever-evolving coding session.
4. **Empowered by `toolbuilder`**: At the heart of innovim lies `toolbuilder`, an adaptive AI coding assistant.

## Getting Started 🛠️

1. **Setup**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/m-c-frank/innovim.git
   cd innovim
   ```

2. **Make Accessible Globally**:

   ```bash
   sudo cp ivim /usr/local/bin/
   ```

3. **Launch innovim**:

   ```bash
   ivim "Imagine a utility streamlining image editing for artists."
   ```

---

### Join the Revolution. 🌱

Be an active contributor to **innovim**. Suggest, refine, and co-develop.

### Connect 🙏

Ideated by [Martin Christoph Frank](https://github.com/m-c-frank). For feedback or collaborations, reach out at 💌 [martin7.frank7@gmail.com](martin7.frank7@gmail.com).

---

🔓 **License**: Embrace our open-source commitment. Check our [GOS License](https://github.com/m-c-frank/innovim/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

added LICENCE and updated README

README.md, after:

# innovim: AI-Enhanced Development Environment

`innovim` stands at the forefront of AI-assisted coding, seamlessly blending the time-tested prowess of Vim with the intuitive insights of artificial intelligence. It's where your coding becomes a conversation, and every command is a step towards efficient development.

## What is innovim?

`innovim` is a development toolkit inspired by Vim, enriched with AI capabilities to enhance the coding experience. It facilitates an interactive workflow where developers can receive, refine, and incorporate AI-generated code and insights directly within the familiar interface of Vim.

## Features 🌟

1. **AI-Assisted Coding**: Benefit from AI-powered suggestions and feedback, directly in your coding session.
2. **Vim Integration**: Use the Vim editor you love with added AI capabilities for a powerful coding experience.
3. **Interactive Edits**: Modify AI responses in real-time, ensuring the code aligns with your precise requirements.
4. **Efficiency Boost**: Streamline your development process with intelligent automation and intuitive command handling.

## Quick Start 🛠️

1. **Installation**:

   Clone the `innovim` repository and navigate to its directory:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-repo/innovim.git
   cd innovim
   ```

2. **Make it Global**:

   Make the `ivim` command globally accessible:

   ```bash
   sudo ./install_ivim
   ```

3. **Launch innovim**:

   Start your AI-enhanced coding session:

   ```bash
   ivim
   ```

## Join the Evolution 🌱

Contribute to `innovim` and help shape the future of AI-assisted coding. Share your ideas, report bugs, or offer enhancements.

## Contact and Support 🙏

Created with passion by our team of innovators. For support or to collaborate, reach out at [martin7.frank7@gmail.com](mailto:martin7.frank7@gmail.com).

---

🔓 **License**: `innovim` is committed to open-source principles. For more information on usage and contributions, check out our [license documentation](https://github.com/m-c-frank/innovim/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
